feat: EASIE documentation (#1706)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/enterprise-connections/easie/microsoft.mdx

> [!WARNING]
> If you already [configured Microsoft as a social provider](/docs/authentication/social-connections/microsoft), you can skip this step. EASIE SSO will automatically use the credentials you configured for your social connection.

For _production instances_, you must provide custom credentials, which involves generating your own **Client ID** and **Client Secret** using your Microsoft Entra ID account.

To make the setup process easier, it's recommended to keep two browser tabs open: one for your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) and one for your [Microsoft Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).

<Steps>
  ### Enable Microsoft as an EASIE connection

  1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**SSO Connections**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) page.
  1. Select **Add connection** and select **For specific domains**.
  1. Under **EASIE**, select **Microsoft** as the identity provider.
  1. Add the **Specific Domain** that you want to allow this connection for. This is the domain of the users you want to allow to sign in to your app.

>   1. Select **Add connection**.
>   1. Ensure that **Use custom credentials** is toggled on.
>   1. Save the **Redirect URI** somewhere secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Ensure that **Use custom credentials** is toggled on.
  1. Save the **Redirect URI** somewhere secure. Keep this page open.
```

  1. In the sidebar, open the **Manage** dropdown and select **[App registrations](https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/~/RegisteredApps)**.
  1. Select **New Registration**. You'll be redirected to the **Register an application** page.
  1. Complete the form as follows:
     1. Under **Name**, enter your app name.
     1. Under **Supported account types**, select **Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Microsoft Entra ID tenant – Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox)**.
     1. Under **Redirect URI (Optional)**, select **Web**.
     1. Select **Register** to submit the form.

  ### Get your client ID and client secret

  Once your Microsoft Entra ID app is created, or once you select your app from the Microsoft Azure portal, you'll be redirected to its **Overview**.

  1. From your app's overview, save the **Application (client) ID** somewhere secure. You'll need it to connect your Microsoft Entra ID app to your Clerk app.

>   1. Under **Client credentials**, select **Add a certificate or secret** to generate a Client Secret. You'll be redirected to the **Certificate & secrets** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Under **Client credentials**, select **Add a certificate or secret** to generate a **Client Secret**. You'll be redirected to the **Certificate & secrets** page.
```
